feat: add admin users management docs (#34)
BearStudio/start-ui-web-docs: pages/features/admin-users-management.mdx

import { Callout } from "nextra-theme-docs";
import { ImageTabs } from "../../components/ImageTabs";
import adminUsersDesktopImage from "../../public/images/screenshots/admin-users-management/admin-users-desktop.png";
import adminUsersMobileImage from "../../public/images/screenshots/admin-users-management/admin-users-mobile.png";
import adminUserCreateDesktopImage from "../../public/images/screenshots/admin-users-management/admin-user-create-desktop.png";
import adminUserCreateMobileImage from "../../public/images/screenshots/admin-users-management/admin-user-create-mobile.png";
import adminUserEditDesktopImage from "../../public/images/screenshots/admin-users-management/admin-user-edit-desktop.png";
import adminUserEditMobileImage from "../../public/images/screenshots/admin-users-management/admin-user-edit-mobile.png";

# Admin users management

The users management page can be accessed by administrator users from the top navigation by clicking on the "Admin" top bar
item. It allows administrators to view, create and edit users.

## Listing

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  As for the other pages, this is mapped by default to a JHipster API. The code

>   corresponding to this page is in the `src/spa/admin/users/PageUsers.tsx`

Author: ```suggestion
  corresponding to this page is in the `src/features/users/PageUsers.tsx`
```

  component.
</Callout>

The users listing displays all the users in the application. The listing contains some information
about each user as well as some actions, that can be performed by clicking on the three dots button in each row :

- **edit** : navigate to user page edition _(you can also click on user's row)_
- **activate**/**deactivate** : toggle user status
- **delete** : delete the user

<ImageTabs
  desktopImage={{
    alt: "Profile page on desktop",
    src: adminUsersDesktopImage,
  }}
  mobileImage={{
    alt: "Profile page on mobile",
    src: adminUsersMobileImage,
  }}
/>

## Create user

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  As for the other pages, this is mapped by default to a JHipster API. The code

>   corresponding to this page is in the `src/spa/admin/users/PageUserCreate.tsx`

Author: ```suggestion
  corresponding to this page is in the `src/features/users/PageUserCreate.tsx`
```

  component.
</Callout>

The user creation page allows administrators to create a new user. To access it, click on the "Create User" button. This will
bring you to an empty form that needs to be completed with new user's information. When finished, click on the
"Create User" button to create the user.

<ImageTabs
  desktopImage={{
    alt: "Profile page on desktop",
    src: adminUserCreateDesktopImage,
  }}
  mobileImage={{
    alt: "Profile page on mobile",
    src: adminUserCreateMobileImage,
  }}
/>

## Edit user

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  As for the other pages, this is mapped by default to a JHipster API. The code

>   corresponding to this page is in the `src/spa/admin/users/PageUserUpdate.tsx`

Author: ```suggestion
  corresponding to this page is in the `src/features/users/PageUserUpdate.tsx`
```
